Deprecate with @GraphQLDeprecated (#1505)
ExpediaGroup/graphql-kotlin: website/docs/schema-generator/customizing-schemas/annotations.md

- [@GraphQLIgnore](./excluding-fields) - Exclude field from the GraphQL schema
- [@GraphQLName](./renaming-fields) - Override the name used for the type
- Kotlin built in [@Deprecated](./deprecating-schema) - Apply the GraphQL `@deprecated` directive on the field

> - [@GraphQLDeprecated](./deprecating-schema) - Same but when you don't want to deprecated only for the client, not in your own code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [@GraphQLDeprecated](./deprecating-schema) - Apply the GraphQL `@deprecated` directive but only in the schema, not in your own Kotlin code with `@Deprecated`
```
